# Manifesto
In light of recent events, I'd like to outline what this repository is for and what it isn't for.
The best way of putting it is probably as [deepfakes/faceswap's manifesto](https://github.com/deepfakes/faceswap#manifesto), edited for the sake of relevance and clarity:
> When faceswapping was first developed and published, the technology was groundbreaking, it was a huge step in AI development. It was also completely ignored outside of academia because the code was confusing and fragmentary. It required a thorough understanding of complicated AI techniques and took a lot of effort to figure it out. Until one individual brought it together into a single, cohesive collection. It ran, it worked, and as is so often the way with new technology emerging on the internet, it was immediately used to create inappropriate content. Despite the inappropriate uses the software was given originally, it was the first AI code that anyone could download, run and learn by experimentation without having a Ph.D. in math, computer theory, psychology, and more. Before "deepfakes" these techniques were like black magic, only practiced by those who could understand all of the inner workings as described in esoteric and endlessly complicated books and papers.
>
> "Deepfakes" changed all that and anyone could participate in AI development. To us, developers, the release of this code opened up a fantastic learning opportunity. It allowed us to build on ideas developed by others, collaborate with a variety of skilled coders, experiment with AI whilst learning new skills and ultimately contribute towards an emerging technology which will only see more mainstream use as it progresses.
>
> However, it became apparent to us that this may not be how others use it. Are there some people out there doing horrible things with our software? Maybe. And because of this, the developers and other contributors have been following strict ethical standards. Many of us don't even use it to create videos, we just tinker with the code to see what it does. Unfortunately, there might be people that do awful things with Yanderify's code, but they are not representative of why it was created, how we use it now, or what we see in its future. Like any technology, it can be used for good or it can be abused. It is our intention to develop Yanderify in a way that its potential for abuse is minimized whilst maximizing its potential as a tool for learning, experimenting and, yes, for legitimate faceswapping and ethical entertainment.
>
> The people that have assisted in Yanderify's development do not condone inapproriate uses of our software. We are programmers, we are engineers, we are hobbyists, but most importantly we are human beings. Yanderify was always intended for entertaining and educating. To this end, we feel that it's time to come out with a standard statement of what this software is and isn't as far as us developers are concerned.
>
>    - Yanderify is not for creating inappropriate content.
>    - Yanderify is not for changing faces without consent or with the intent of hiding its use.
>    - Yanderify is not for any illicit, unethical, or questionable purposes.
>    - Yanderify exists to experiment and discover AI techniques, for social or political commentary, for movies, and for any number of ethical and reasonable uses.
>
> We are very troubled by the fact that Yanderify can be used for unethical and disreputable things. However, we support the development of tools and techniques that can be used ethically as well as provide education and experience in AI for anyone who wants to learn it hands-on. We will take a zero tolerance approach to anyone using this software for any unethical purposes and will actively discourage any such uses.